welcome everyone through this week's IP
LD weekly sync meeting its March 23rd
2020 and as every week we go over the
stuff that we've done last week and then
discuss any intern items we might have
and and answer open questions people
might have so um in the notes I see
myself but that's fine so I also haven't
done that much IP related mostly I've
opened s the last week I said I open an
issue on the on an OTC the open
Geospatial consortium features standard
called or CC API features about am
supporting non-http protocols and I
studied with a small thing and basically
asked for if they could also support
your eyes and not only HTTP your eyes
because I can list them and they
explicitly say HTTP you are eyes are
honest support fillings and I asked them
if they could change it to support all
available your eyes which might open the
way to having something like LD :
something um so far no response but I
already know someone who my response and
if then there's no other responses I
might ask my friends on Twitter and my
dear friends and to help out or chime in
oh yeah we'll see the issues linked yep
other than that yeah just I know
probably some rusts I told these stuff
but I can't recall anything so yeah cool
that's all I have and next on my list
s-- is chris hey guys so based on some
chat on the IRC channel i thought hey i
put the support IPO the scheme app and
so
done night it's like super simple and
kind of pretty much pinkies back
everything the rod did but I did
initially push earlier today and anyway
it doesn't do much but at least it does
allow you to paste in schema and it will
do color syntax highlighting using prism
using what rod did for the ability specs
arm of that but then of course JSF build
a schema to Bali and shows me error so
you're editing schema and kind of
real-time show you if you've made a
mistake or something so that's it I'll
could see you probably draw around a
little bit this week I think this might
be that's pretty cool I have to take
this one out and nice um next awesome
yeah
next on the list is wrong
oh just rolling it sounds like it's been
one of those weeks for most of us so my
week has been scatter shot yet again
lots of code review and little bits of
code crossed I've had a full three
language week so rushed go and
JavaScript I think guys I don't know if
I actually coding I think it's been the
most time in rust simply because it's
it's just so foreign and you dealing
with compiler errors that just no
hieroglyphs is just you know
unproductive but yeah did some work in
there to get the the new if a third is
you padding streaming stuff integrated
with the lambda for generating compy
without using up lambda resources so
that's working got another pull
requested or us feel proofs just to
improve that OPI else yeah just bits and
pieces nothing nothing really
significant chunk which is a little bit
frustrating and I don't like coming to
these meetings without being able to
serve on this big chunk but it has been
another one of those weeks I mean it has
been disrupted at home as well just with
all the stuff that's going on and I
expect that to continue where we're on
the verge of my wife's teacher
and my kids are going to school but my
state has told us that the schools are
open but we remain recommend you don't
send your kids and so my wife is now
having to teach online and offline
lessons at the same time and classrooms
are half full and we're heading for
empty school soon so just a lot of
disruption so yeah that's me
thank you so M does anyone else have any
updates or things to share or any notes
no then I guess it was a pretty quick
meeting um yeah okay sure the ideal the
schema validator a few last year
it'll be good I was wondering about that
I didn't really want to have to clone
and run it if it's not very fiction yeah
yet alright let's see if I can sure it's
just so silly you're gonna laugh when
you see it but okay
all right can you guys see it yes yeah
all right so hope I mean the whole
reason I kind of wanted to do this is
because we are having a discussion about
the flexible byte stuff and the schema
that was posted didn't look like good
compiled and so I'm like am I missing
something so that'd be pretty cool to be
able to like edit schema and have it
kind of parse into a result so this case
just some scheme I posted from somewhere
it's as far successful by coming here
type start typing garbage it'll show the
error down here line 2 column 1 and
that's basically it I mean it I stole
like I said rod here highlight j/s from
the I feel these specs and then plugged
in a prism view editor and all I do is
parse parse the code every single time
changes and there's any exceptions to
sort of put the exception down here
thinking it kind of cool too I think
Michael was saying like to generate
through JSON so I might add a tag here
to switch over to JSON version the
schema and the other thing I'm not sure
this was actually work or be helpful but
actually paste send JSON and in Bali it
against the schema see if it conforms or
not but that's it pretty simple and
stupid cool that's good building blocks
yeah that's fabulous that's really cool
to see yeah that's super helpful if you
basically just want to quickly check
some schema or you basically come up
with a scheme and just want to like yeah
paste it somewhere and make a picture
it's well it's sometimes a nod like yeah
again like you're opening your editor or
something so that's cool
all right any any questions I guess then
it was real quick meeting that's not the
bed so yeah so I'll see you all next
week again and have a good week
good bye everyone